# Day 2 Solution

For Day 2 part 1, the question gives you a list of games with their game ids, as well as each of the rounds that took place during the game. The game id is separated from the rounds with a `:`, so that is the first delimiter that I split the input by. With this, I was able to extract the game id as well as the rounds that occurred during each game. Each round that was played during a game was separated by a `;`, so that was my second delimiter for my split. Now, I have each individual round, and the number and color of the balls that the Elf takes out during each round. I need to split this by one last delimiter `,` to get each individual ball and amount for each round. Finally, I can process each round and arrive to a solution. I will parse the string for the number of balls taken out and the corresponding color, and make sure that the Elf does not take out more of a specific ball color than there exist (12 red, 13 green, 14 blue). If the entire round passes the check, then the game is valid, and I add the game id to a sum of all the valid game ids. Finally, I can return the sum after having processed all the games.

For part 2, the process is similar, except now instead of validating a game, we have to find the minimum number of balls that had to have been in the bag to make the game possible. In other words, the question was asking for the maximum number of balls per color that was taken out during each game. Now, for each game we can initialize 3 variables to indicate the minimum number of red, green, and blue balls that we need for that game to 0, since we know that there cannot be a negative number of balls, so 0 is our floor. Now, we find the maximum number of balls for each color per game and we find the `power` of the round by multiplying all the minimum number of balls per color together, and add that to a sum. Finally, after processing each game we can return the sum of powers.